README.md, before:

# Web Speech Api

A short, concise and brief presentation of web speech api

[Online demo](https://web-speech-api.javierperez.com.ar)

Talk with chappie (only spanish dialogs)
 - click over chappie image
 - see `src/talking-game-dialog.js`
 - press `s` to speak a message

## App based in React webpack starter template

[React webpack starter template](https://github.com/krasimir/react-webpack-starter)

### Features

* Bundles [React](https://facebook.github.io/react/) with `jsx` syntax
* Compiles ES6 (with [Babel](https://babeljs.io/))
* Linting (with [ESLint](http://eslint.org/))
* Build with [webpack](https://webpack.github.io/)
* Test with [Mocha](http://mochajs.org/), [Chai](http://chaijs.com/) and [Sinon](http://sinonjs.org/)
* Use [Karma](http://karma-runner.github.io/) to run the tests
* Develop locally with [webpack-dev-server](http://webpack.github.io/docs/webpack-dev-server.html)

### MISC

* [A modern React starter pack based on webpack](http://krasimirtsonev.com/blog/article/a-modern-react-starter-pack-based-on-webpack)

Commit message:

Add usage description into readme file

README.md, after:

# Web Speech Api

A short, concise and brief presentation of web speech api

### Online Demo
[https://web-speech-api.javierperez.com.ar](https://web-speech-api.javierperez.com.ar)

*Note:* Allow the self ssl signed certificate if google chrome warns you

## Usage

- Download the repository
- Execute `npm install`
- Execute `npm run prod`
- Open [https://localhost:8080/public/](https://localhost:8080/public/)
- Allow the self ssl signed certificate if google chrome warns you

Talk with chappie (only spanish dialogs)
 - click over chappie image
 - see `src/talking-game-dialog.js` to know what things you can ask to chappie
 - press `s` to speak a message

## App based in React webpack starter template

[React webpack starter template](https://github.com/krasimir/react-webpack-starter)

### Features

* Bundles [React](https://facebook.github.io/react/) with `jsx` syntax
* Compiles ES6 (with [Babel](https://babeljs.io/))
* Linting (with [ESLint](http://eslint.org/))
* Build with [webpack](https://webpack.github.io/)
* Test with [Mocha](http://mochajs.org/), [Chai](http://chaijs.com/) and [Sinon](http://sinonjs.org/)
* Use [Karma](http://karma-runner.github.io/) to run the tests
* Develop locally with [webpack-dev-server](http://webpack.github.io/docs/webpack-dev-server.html)

### MISC

* [A modern React starter pack based on webpack](http://krasimirtsonev.com/blog/article/a-modern-react-starter-pack-based-on-webpack)
